What kind of the 1st unit?
This is the unit. You're learning a big picture as well as a few details.
You're going to learn the basics of how the Internet works.
You might even get to figure out which one of us is Nick and which one of us is filled.
We hope to help you understand why the Internet is designed the way that it is. what are some of its strengths and its weaknesses?
We also teach you some of the commonly accepted network design principles.
such as layering. encapsulation and packet switching.
At the end of this unit. you should be able to answer questions like. what is the Internet?
What is an Internet address? And how do applications such as the Webb Skype and bit term?
These principles will help you design better networks in the future.
At the end of this 1st unit. you should be familiar with something called the four layer model of the Internet.
It describes how the Internet is broken down into four distinct layers.
You learn what those layers are and why there are a basic principle of good network design.
You learn what the internet's four layers are and how they work together.
You'll learn that most applications is a transport layer called the Transmission Control Protocol. or TC. and how some applications use it.
He will also learn that the Internet works by breaking updating to small units cult pockets.
E.g.. when you request a web page. your computer sends some pockets to the web server.
The Internet decides how those pockets of data arrive to the right destination.
So this unit also examines one layer in particular in greater detail.
It's the You might have heard of IP the Internet protocol.
It's the protocol named after the Internet because it's the glue that lets the whole thing work.
You can change all of the other layers. but to be using the Internet. you need to be using the Internet protocol.
At the Network Lab. you will learn about what the Internet protocol does and how it does it.
You will learn about the Internet protocol addresses and how they are assigned.
You'll start to learn how the Internet decides the path the packet should take based on its Internet address.
Finally. I'll show you a few software tools that you can use to inspect how your computer is using the Internet. so you can apply what you've learned in this unit the next time you browse the web.